# Misinformation-Analysys-and-Detection-of-Low-Credibility-News
INTRODUCTION
Misinformation, or low-credibility news, is information that can be viewed on the internet, which is false or inaccurate and is usually circulated with the intent to deceive. The spread of misinformation has only escalated with the development of technology, with over 190 million bots on just three social media platforms spreading fake news. This has slowly become an issue that needs to be battled, which is why the relevance of creating smart systems to detect and analyze fake news has increased. Low-credibility news detection is a field of study still in its rudimentary stage. Consequently, there is a high demand for smart detection systems that identify, filter and classify the root sources for the spread of misinformation. The purpose of this project is to create an efficient fake news detection system aimed to detect, analyze, and produce reliable results. There are numerous software systems on this topic already in existence, however, they are designed for specific applications such as Twitter and Reddit. This project aims to detect the bots that spread false news as well as track and trace fake information in the form of text and multimedia, which makes this field worthy of further exploration. 

OBJECTIVE 
Problem statement: 
Fake news has been a hot topic of discussion in the last few years in an attempt to create public unrest and influence public perceptions using social media platforms. A notable method through which falsified information is being spread is through what are known as neural bots. These bots are trained to recognize popular topics of discussion and create false news articles based on them, which seem very credible. This in turn creates false, biased, and unwarranted opinions. This calls for reliable fake news detection systems. The desired solution will involve rigorous analysis of the motive behind the spread of misinformation, its characteristics, and approaches to identify them, using AI/ML/Data Mining techniques and web crawling.

**ALL CODE AND RESEARCH BELONGS TO B.M.S. College of Engineering, Vertizone IT Pvt. Ltd.**
